# [WIP] refactor and add http and script checks

**sarkis** commented *Feb 28, 2018*

The main goal of this PR is to refactor `health-checker` to be more extensible and add a couple more health check types (http and script) outlined in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/health-checker/issues/2. 

Since this project is still under heavy development, there are some known issues that will also be fixed by this PR (see below), (yes I know... scope creep! :p)

Fixes: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/health-checker/issues/7
Fixes: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/health-checker/issues/8
Fixes: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/health-checker/issues/10

Remaining tasks:

* Cleanup - Ensure proper logging to stdout (via logrus)
  - Should have more Info logs (i.e. list all *initialized health checks* on server start as it is currently not clear what health checks will actually be checked until a request comes through to the server)
* Tests (at least unit tests and decent coverage) - Started: but need more before this PR is *ready for merge*
<br />
***


**sarkis** commented *Feb 28, 2018*

>I like the simplicity of multiple --port and --http style arguments, but worry a little about the extensibility. Let me know what you think.

Discussed this offline - taking a different more extensible approach. The proposed way of treating all the checks as different types is not usable with feature requests we already have.
***

**sarkis** commented *Mar 2, 2018*

@brikis98 what a difference the `Check` interface made - this feels way more maintainable and extensible, thank you for the suggestion! Though I could probably use a CR when you have some free time as a lot changed (mostly removed a ton of code which is great)

Remaining tasks (hoping I can get by Monday):

* ~Implement `DoCheck()` for `HttpCheck` and `ScriptCheck`~
* ~Implement `ValidateCheck()` method for each check and validate in `parseChecksFile`~
* Tests!
***

**brikis98** commented *Mar 2, 2018*

Nice. Looks like a good improvement 👍 
***

**sarkis** commented *Mar 10, 2018*

@brikis98 I've got *a lot* more tests to write to get to an acceptable coverage % and I'm sure writing the tests will lead to some refactoring.. but wanted to see if I can get a re-CR as I work on those, when/if you are up for it. 
***

**sarkis** commented *Jan 14, 2019*

This PR has gotten stale, I'm opting to close this out as  I don't want this to deter others from contributing to and fixing the issues that this PR was set out to originally fix. 

A huge lesson learned on scoping here (I took on way too much for a single PR). I don't know of a clean way out of the mess I've created here other than starting over with tighter scoped PRs.
***

